.TH pimpmyapp 1  "May 13, 2011" "version 0.6.0" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
pimpmyapp \- execute specified commands on multiple Remote Hosts and send specified files to multiple 
Remote Hosts.
Remote Hosts are listed in an \fIenvironnement-descriptor\fP.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pimpmyapp.sh
[ \-BCGpv[v[v]]q ] [ \-F RemoteHostsFilter ] [ \-Z TargetsFilter ] [ \-c configuration-file ] [ \-E environnement-descriptor ] \-X command
.PP
.B pimpmyapp.sh
[ \-BCGpv[v[v]]q ] [ \-F RemoteHostsFilter ] [ \-Z TargetsFilter ] [ \-c configuration-file ] [ \-E environnement-descriptor ] [ \-S specific-configuration ] \-( P | T ) localSource [ localSource ... ] remoteDestination
.PP
.B pimpmyapp.sh
[ \-BCGpv[v[v]]q ] [ \-F RemoteHostsFilter ] [ \-Z TargetsFilter ] [ \-c configuration-file ] [ \-E environnement-descriptor ] [ \-S specific-configuration ] [ \-o order ] [ \-s step ] package
.PP
.B pimpmyapp.sh
[ \-Bpv[v[v]]q ] [ \-F RemoteHostsFilter ] [ \-Z TargetsFilter ] [ \-c configuration-file ] [ \-E environnement-descriptor ] [ \-o order ] [ \-s step ] [ \-l (oOsS) [gud] ] package
.PP
.B pimpmyapp.sh
[ -hV ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This tools can schedule script execution on Remote Host using ssh and file transfer using scp.
Command's output are stored in logfiles.

\fBssh\fP and \fBssh\fP connections will be established using a \fBDedicated Identity File\fP.
The full path of this \fBDedicated Identity File\fP is defined in the \fBPimpMyApp Configuration File\fP, by the key 'SshIdentityFile'.
The \fBDedicated Identity File\fP will be automaticaly generated if it doesn\'t exists.

The \fBDedicated Identity Public Half\fP will be automaticaly deployed on all \fBRemote Hosts\fP if needed.

.SH OPTIONS
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-X "\| command\^"
must be a \fBBash compliant instruction's suite\fP. \fIcommand\fP must be one word long. 
The given \fIcommand\fP will be executed (using \fBSsh\fP) on selected \fBRemote Targets\fP.

All \fBRemote Targets\fP are listed in the \fIenvironnement-descriptor\fP and can be selected using option \fB\-Z\fP.

\fBBash Expansion Laws\fP applies. That means that to prevent \fIcommand\fP from \fBBash Word Splitting\fP, \fIcommand\fP must be delimited by double quotes ( " ).
That also means that to prevent \fIcommand\fP from direct \fBBash Expansion\fP, \fIcommand\fP's content should be escaped, depending of your needs.
.PD
.TP 10
.B \-P \fIlocalSource\fP [\fIlocalSource\fP ...] \fIremoteDestination\fP
will transfer (using \fBScp\fP + \fBMd5sum\fP verification) all \fIlocalSource\fP to the \fIremoteDestination\fP on all \fBRemote Targets\fP.
\fIlocalSource\fP can be a file or a directory. \fIremoteDestination\fP can be a file or a directory.
Directory must be ended by a \fB/\fP character.

\fIlocalSource\fP and \fIremoteDestination\fP can contains \fBX\²Path Expressions\fP (see \fBTEMPLATING\fP below).

If \fIlocalSource\fP is a directory, then \fIremoteDestination\fP must be a directory too.
If \fIlocalSource\fP is a directory, then all its inner files and directories will be transfered.
If \fIremoteDestination\fP is a file, then multiple \fIlocalSource\fP can be defined but it as certainly no sens.
If \fIremoteDestination\fP doesn't exists on a \fBRemote Hosts\fP and if option \fB-B\fP is set, then \fIremoteDestination\fP will be automaticaly created.
If \fIremoteDestination\fP doesn\'t exists on a \fBRemote Hosts\fP and if option \fB-B\fP is not set, then you will be ask to confirm the \fIremoteDestination\fP creation.
Ohter \fBScp Laws\fP applied.

\fBBash Expansion Laws\fP applies. That means that \fBBash Brace Expansion\fP and \fBBash Pathname Expansion\fPcan be used to define multiples \fIlocalSource\fP.
.PD
.TP 10
.B \-T \fIlocalSource\fP [\fIlocalSource\fP ...] \fIremoteDestination\fP will act like the option \fB-T\fP excepts that \fIlocalSource\fP must be a file (cannot be a directory) and its content can contains \fBX²Path Expressions\fP.
If \fIlocalSource\fP's content contains \fBX²Path Expressions\fP, then all \fBX²Path Expressions\fP will be resolved before transfer (see \fBTEMPLATING\fP below).
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-E "\| environnement-descriptor\^"
is the path of an xml file.
This file lists all \fBRemote Hosts\fP and all \fBModules\fP deployed on those Remote Hosts (see \fBENVIRONNEMENT-DESCRIPTOR SPECIFICATIONS\fP bellow).
If not provide, default environnement-descriptor will be used.
Default environnement-descriptor's path is defined in the \fIconfiguration-file\fP, by the key 'defaultPlateformDescriptor'.
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-F "\| RemoteHostsFilter\^"
must be an \fBXPath 2.0 compliant expression\fP.
If provided, only the matching part of the \fIenvironnement-descriptor\fP will be used for \fBX²Path Expressions\fP Resolution.
If not provide, the whole \fPenvironnement-descriptor\fP will be used for \fBX²Path Expressions\fP Resolution.
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-Z "\| TargetsFilter\^"
must be an \fBXPath 2.0 compliant expression\fP.
If provided, only the matching part of the \fIenvironnement-descriptor\fP will be used for \fBRemote Targets\fP Resolution.
If not provide, the whole \fPenvironnement-descriptor\fP will be used for \fBRemote Targets\fP Resolution.
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \| package\^
is the path of a tar.gz file.
The given \fIpackage\fP will be shooted on \fBRemote Targets\fP.

The given \fIpackage\fP must be conform to the \fBpackage specifications\fP (see \fBPACKAGE SPECIFICATIONS\fP bellow).
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-S "\| specific-configuration\^"
is the path of an xml file.
This file lists all \fBspecific configuration directives\fP required by the given \fIpackage\fP.
This file is mandatory or not, regarding the given \fIpackage\fP's content.
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-o "\| order\^"
must match an \fBOrder\fP declared in the given \fIpackage\fP. 
If provided, the given \fIorder\fP (and its inner-orders) will be fired on selected \fBRemote Targets\fP.
If not provide, the default order will be fired on selected \fBRemote Targets\fP.
The default order can be found using the option \fB\-l O\fP.

All \fBRemote Targets\fP are listed in the \fIenvironnement-descriptor\fP and can be selected using option \fB\-Z\fP.
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-s "\| step\^"
must match a \fBStep\fP declared in the given \fIpackage\fP.
If provided, only the given \fIstep\fP will be fired on selected \fBRemote Targets\fP.
If not provide, all the inner steps of the given \fIorder\fP will be fired on selected \fBRemote Targets\fP.

All \fBRemote Targets\fP are listed in the \fIenvironnement-descriptor\fP and can be selected using option \fB\-Z\fP.
.PD
.TP 10
.B \-l (oOsS)[gud]
will print to standard output details about \fBOrders\fP and \fBSteps\fP declared in the given \fIpackage\fP.
.RS
.RS
.PD 0
.TP
.B o
will list only \fBOrders\fP
.TP
.B O
will list \fBOrders\fP and \fBInner-orders\fP
.TP
.B s
will list \fBOrders\fP, \fBInner-orders\fP and \fBSteps\fP
.TP
.B S
will list \fBOrders\fP, \fBInner-orders\fP, \fBSteps\fP and \fBTargets\fP
.TP
.B g
will add the \fBOrders' Description\fP to the listing
.TP
.B p
will add the \fBOrders' Post Treatements\fP to the listing
.TP
.B u
will add the \fBSteps' User\fP to the listing
.TP
.B d
will add the \fBSteps' Dependencies\fP to the listing
.RE

Within option \fB\-o\fP, output will be restricted to the given \fIorder\fP.
Within option \fB\-s\fP, output will be restricted to the given \fIstep\fP.
Within option \fB\-Z\fP, output will be restricted to selected \fBRemote Targets\fP.
.RE
.P
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-q
no output
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-v
verbose output
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-vv
very verbose output
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-vvv
very very verbose output
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-p
preserve temporary generated files from deletion.
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-C
will only run the Check Phase.
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-G
will only run the Generation Phase.
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-B
run batch mode (prevents displaying questions).
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-c "\| configuration-file\^"
is the path of the \fBPimpMyApp Configuration File\fP.
If not provide, default configuration-file will be used.
Default configuration-file is './config/PimpMyApp.properties'.
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-V
display version info.
.PD
.TP 10
.BI \-h
print this man page.
.PD
.SH EXIT STATUS
Returns 0 if succeed. >0 and a precise error message if failed.

Logfiles are generated.
.SH ENVIRONNEMENT-DESCRIPTOR SPECIFICATIONS
TODO
.SH PACKAGE SPECIFICATIONS
TODO
.SH TEMPLATING
TODO
.SH EXAMPLES
.PD
.TP 10
.B \fB./pimpmyapp.sh \-v \-u root \-X "df -hP" \fP
will execute the command `df -hP` as root on all \fBRemote Targets\fP listed in the default \fBenvironnement-decriptor\fP.
Generated logfiles will contains the output of the \`df -hP\` command execution on each \fBRemote Targets\fP.
.PD
.TP 10
.B \fB./pimpmyapp.sh \-v \-u root \-t "//server[1]" -X "df -hP" \fP
will execute the command `df -hP` as root on the first \fBRemote Targets\fP listed in the default \fBenvironnement-decriptor\fP.
Generated logfiles will contains the output of the \`df -hP\` command execution on the given \fBRemote Target\fP.
.PD
.TP 10
.B \fB./pimpmyapp.sh \-v \-u root \-P /etc/logrotate.conf /etc/ntp.conf /etc/\fP
will transfer \'/etc/logrotate.conf\' and \'/etc/ntp.conf\' as root to the directory \'/etc/\' of all \fBRemote Targets\fP listed in the default \fBenvironnement-decriptor\fP.
Generated logfiles will contains transfer detailled informations.
.PD
.TP 10
.B \fB./pimpmyapp.sh \-v \-u root \-t "//server[1]" \-P /etc/logrotate.conf /etc/ntp.conf /etc/\fP
will transfer \'/etc/logrotate.conf\' and \'/etc/ntp.conf\' as root to the directory \'/etc/\' of the first \fBRemote Targets\fP listed in the default \fBenvironnement-decriptor\fP.
Generated logfiles will contains transfer detailled informations.
.PD
.TP 10
.B \fB./pimpmyapp.sh \-l O /input/packages/UTS.tar.gz\fP
will list \fBOrders\fP and \fPInner-orders\fP defined in the package \'/input/packages/UTS.tar.gz\'.
No logfiles will be generated.
.PD
.TP 10
.B \fB./pimpmyapp.sh \-l S /input/packages/UTS.tar.gz\fP
will list \fBOrders\fP, \fPInner-orders\fP, \fBSteps\fP defined in the package \'/input/packages/UTS.tar.gz\' and, for each \fBStep\fP, will list all \fBRemote Targets\fP.
No logfiles will be generated.
.PD
.TP 10
.B \fB./pimpmyapp.sh \-o dothefirsttest /input/packages/UTS.tar.gz\fP
will run the \fBOrder\fP \'dothefirsttest\' defined in the package \'/input/packages/UTS.tar.gz\' on the \fBRemote Targets\fP specified in the given \fBOrder\fP declaration.
.SH AUTHOR
TODO
.SH SEE ALSO
TODO

